[Cosmetics] Update Prime token limits (#146)
VenusProtocol/venus-protocol-documentation: whats-new/prime-yield.md

    * Users need to stake at least 1,000 XVS for 90 days in a row.
    * After these 90 days, users can mint their Prime Token.
    * If a user decides to withdraw XVS and their balance falls below 1000, their Prime Token will be automatically revoked.

>     * Limit to the number of Prime holders is 500 tokens on BSC-chain. [Source](https://app.venus.io/#/governance/proposal/201)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The limit to the number of revocable Prime tokens is 500 on BNB chain. [Source](https://app.venus.io/#/governance/proposal/201). It can be changed with a VIP.
```

Author: nice
